What is the concept of human learning? Please give two examples.
Learning can be defined as a change in behavior as a result of experience. This can be physical and overt, or it may involve complex intellectual or attitudinal changes which affect behavior in more subtle ways. In spite of numerous theories and contrasting views, psychologists generally agree on many common characteristics of learning.

2. What different forms of human learning are there? Are there any machine learning equivalents?Three Major Types of 
Learning Learning through association - Classical Conditioning. 
Learning through consequences – Operant Conditioning. 
Learning through observation – Modeling/Observational Learning.

3. What is machine learning, and how does it work? What are the key responsibilities of machine learning? 
Machine learning (ML) is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that allows software applications to become more accurate at predicting outcomes without being explicitly programmed to do so. Machine learning algorithms use historical data as input to predict new output values. Responsibilities for this role include:  Designing ML systems. Researching and implementing ML algorithms and tools. Selecting appropriate data sets. Picking appropriate data representation methods. Identifying differences in data distribution that affects model performance. Verifying data quality and many-more..
4. Define the terms "penalty" and "reward" in the context of reinforcement learning.
Reinforcement learning is a type of machine learning uses a reward-penalty method to teach an AI system. If it makes the right move, it gets rewarded. If it makes a mistake, it receives a penalty

5. Explain the term "learning as a search”?
Learning can be viewed as a search through the space of all sentences in a concept description language for a sentence that best describes the data. 
6. What are the various goals of machine learning? What is the relationship between these and human learning?
The main goal of machine learning is to give computers the ability to learn itself without being explicitly programmed. It identifies patterns from preprocessed data and make decisions with minimal human intervention.Regardless of whether the learner is a human or machine, the basic learning process is similar. It can be divided into four interrelated components: Data storage utilizes observation, memory, and recall to provide a factual basis for further reasoning
7. Illustrate the various elements of machine learning using a real-life illustration.
Today we can see many machine learning real-world examples. We may or may not be aware that machine learning is used in various applications like – voice search technology, image recognition, automated translation, self-driven cars, etc.
8. Provide an example of the abstraction method.
It is used to hide the internal functionality of the classes from the users
@abstractmethod     
def draw(self):         
	pass

9. What is the concept of generalization? What function does it play in the machine learning process?
Generalization is a process where machine tries to adapt properly to new, previously unseen data, drawn from the same distribution as the one used to create the model. Develop intuition about overfitting. Determine whether a model is good or not. Divide a data set into a training set and a test set.
10. What is classification, exactly? What are the main distinctions between classification and regression?
Classification problems are supervised learning problems wherein the training data set consists of data related to independent and response variables (label). The most significant difference between regreassion vs classification is that while regression helps predict a continuous quantity, classification predicts discrete class labels. There are also some overlaps between the two types of machine learning algorithms.
11. What is regression, and how does it work? Give an example of a real-world problem that was solved using regression.
Regression is a statistical technique that relates a dependent variable to one or more independent (explanatory) variables. A regression model is able to show whether changes observed in the dependent variable are associated with changes in one or more of the explanatory variables
Exapmples are predicting score or price of stock/car/product/taxi faire and so on….

12. Describe the clustering mechanism in detail.
Clustering is the task of dividing the population or data points into a number of groups such that data points in the same groups are more similar to other data points in the same group than those in other groups. In simple words, the aim is to segregate groups with similar traits and assign them into clusters
13. Make brief observations on two of the following topics:
i. Machine learning algorithms are used
ii. Studying under supervision
Supervised learning, also known as supervised machine learning, is a subcategory of machine learning and artificial intelligence. It is defined by its use of labeled datasets to train algorithms that to classify data or predict outcomes accurately.
iii. Studying without supervision
Unsupervised learning is the training of a machine using information that is neither classified nor labeled and allowing the algorithm to act on that information without guidance. Here the task of the machine is to group unsorted information according to similarities, patterns, and differences without any prior training of data. 
iv. Reinforcement learning is a form of learning based on positive reinforcement.
